- ```ParticipantID```: Unique ID for each participant.
- ```PHQ1``` to ```PHQ8```: The Patient Health Questionnaire-8 (PHQ-8), a brief diagnostic measure for depression (Kroenke & Spitzer, 2002). The PHQ-8 is the eight-item version of the PHQ-9, which excludes the suicidal ideation item (Kroenke & Spitzer, 2002). PHQ-8 scores range from 0 to 24 with higher scores indicating more severe depressive symptoms. PHQ-8 scores are calculated by adding up the score of 8 questions, which are each answered in a 0-3 range. The cutoffs for mild, moderate, moderately-severe, and severe depression are 5, 10, 15, and 20, respectively (Kroenke & Spitzer, 2002). Some psychometric properties of the PHQ have been documented for both Kenyan adolescents (Osborn, Venturo-Conerly, et al., 2020) and adults (Omoro et al., 2006; Osborn, Kleinman, et al., 2020). 
- ```GAD1``` to ```GAD7```: Anxiety symptoms were assessed using the Generalized Anxiety Disorder Screener-7 (GAD-7), which is a brief, cost-effective measure of generalized anxiety (Spitzer et al., 2006). Scores on the GAD-7 range from 0 to 21 with higher scores indicating more severe anxiety symptoms. They are calculated by adding up the score of 7 questions, which are each answered in a 0-3 range. The cutoffs for the GAD-7 are 5, 10, and 15, indicating mild, moderate, and severe anxiety, respectively. The GAD-7 displayed adequate internal consistency in a previous sample of Kenyan adolescents (Osborn, Venturo-Conerly, et al., 2020) and adults (Osborn, Kleinman, et al., 2020). 
- ```MSSS1``` to ```MSSS12```: Self-reported social support was assessed using the Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support (MSSS) (Zimet et al., 1988). The MSSS has three subscales, which each address a different source of social support: family, friends, and a significant other
